Lab 1 Pre-lab Example
Team Information 
Lab number: Lab 1 
Date: 09/24/2015 
Team Members:
Team Number/Name: 207
Hardware 
Part 1 
Team Member Responsibilities 
Software Design: Matthew Dzurick 
Hardware Design:  Avinash Tiwari
Quality Assurance: Toan Chu
Systems Integrator: Dalton Hirst 
 
Draw the schematics or create a table detailing the connections for Part 1 of Lab 1. An example of the level of detail that is expected is given below.  
 
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
 
 	 
Part 2 
Draw the schematics or create a table detailing the connections for Part 2 of Lab 1. You can choose to use a table or use a diagram. 
 
Part 3 
Draw the schematics or create a table detailing the connections for Part 3 of Lab 1. You can choose to use a table or use a diagram. 
 
Tests 
Part 1 
List the tests that you intend to do based on the Lab 1 procedures. Describe the name of the test, the tool you intend to use, and a description of the test. Do this for each part in Lab 1. 
Test Name 	Tool 	Description 
Continuity Test 	Digital Multi-meter 	Test all wire connectors, solder joints, and wire-wraps for continuity 
Power Test 	Digital Multi-meter 	Test that any created circuits have power correctly flowing 
Grounding Test 	Digital Multi-meter 	Test that any switches connected to ground actually ground a powered circuit 
Component 
Test 	Digital Multi-meter 	Test that appropriate pins on the switch are connected 
 
You may also include any software tests that you intend to make. 
Test Name 	Input 	Description 
timerTick Test 	 	Test that timerTick indeed ticks at the correct interval 
displayTime Test 	“10000” 	Test that this function assigned the appropriate register to “10:00:00.” 
Register Test 	 	Test that the register configurations for the timer work. 
 
Part 2 Part 3 
 	 
Software 
Part 1 
List the relevant control registers for controlling the LEDs in Part 1 of Lab 1. 
Device: 	Register(s): 
Digital I/O 	 
 
Also describe the function of the microcontroller software as a finite-state machine. 
Part 2 
List the relevant control registers for controlling the LCD in Part 2 of Lab 1. 
Device: 	Register(s): 
Timer 	 
 
Part 3 
Also describe the function of the microcontroller software as a finite-state machine in Part 3 of Lab 1. 
